**** When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    One may want to use a remote repository when one is away from his local computer.

**** Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    One may want to always pull changes manually (rather tha having Git do it automatically), since there could be the possibility of serious conflicts of changes made in the remote and in local repositories.

**** Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are clones of a GitHub repository done by GitHub site itself.  Unlike regular clone on a local machine, each repository fork points to its source fork.

    Clones are copies of a repositories in the local machine. The clone source could either be GitHub repository or another local repository.  Unlike a GitHub fork, a clone does not have a way of referencing its source repository.

    Branches are copies of a master repository. A branch is is usually taken from the tip node of the master branch. But it could also be made from any commits earlier than that of the tip node. A branch can be made on a repository on a local machine; it could also be made on a GitHub repository.

**** What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state of the remote repository helps on making sure that a proper (or as clean as possible) merging of the local and the remote repositories is possible in situations when the remote commits and local commits cause a divergence from the master branch.  Having the last know state of the remote repository on the lcoal machine allows for a common reference for determining any possible conflicts.

**** How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without using Git or GitHub, one way of collaborating is by having a regular daily meeting with my collaborators. Sending code file for review when necessary when things are ready to be integrated into the main (master) code. 

    It would be a lot harder to take bolder steps towards experimental or alternative solutions without the use of Git and GitHub. Being that one will be taking more are not to break the code with every code submission.

**** When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
